>> Kyle: I've talked a lot
about the problems of coercion.
And I just wanna take a slight
little detour here for
a moment to say I really, genuinely
wish that we could improve JavaScript
rather than just talk about
the bad parts of JavaScript.
So there's a lot of junk that gets talked
about in the bad parts of JavaScript and
we just assume JavaScript
will always be this poorly
designed collection of mistakes and
bugs and whatever.
And I really wish that JavaScript had
a future where we could eventually start
fixing some of these things.
And as I said earlier,
I think that there is a way to do that.
So I decided to sit and
talk about if we were gonna fix coercion,
I wanted to explore that topic.
What would we have to do to fix
coercion and what would that mean?
And this was a blog post, a guest blog
post that I wrote about fixing coercion.
If I could go back and
address it, how might we do that?
Might we have a new mode that you could
opt into similar to strip mode or
something like that.
Is there some way that we could
begin to address coercion so
that it actually makes sense.
And this is just a list of some of the
things that I would go back and change.
I would for sure change that first one.
Don't make the number coercion
of empty string be 0.
I'd probably change the null one.
I might change the false and the true,
I'd definitely change the string of
location of arrays,to be more correct.
This is just an example of some
of the things I would effect and
I talk about them more and more in this
but there is also resource if your
more interested in some of these new
answers that corner cases if you will.
This is a little grid that I created
just it problematically generated but
does the permutation of
all different values and
then the different conversions that we do.
And I've arbitrarily marked which ones I
think make sense versus which ones I think
are crazy and I would change.
You can explore that tool if this
is more interesting to you, if not,
don't worry about it.